1)When two or more methods in the same class have the same name but different parameters, it’s called Overloading.    
  whereas when  the method name and parameters are the same in the superclass and the child class, it’s called Overriding.
  The method Overriding occurs between superclass and subclass. Overloading occurs between the methods in the same class.

2)NO.

3)Final:-
	   Final is the keyword and access modifier which is used to apply restrictions on a class, method or variable.
  	   It is used in the class and classes, methods and variables.

  Finally:-
		Finally is the part in Java Exception Handling to execute the important code whether the exception occurs or not.
  		Finally block is always related to the try and catch block in exception handling.

  Finalize:-
		Finalize is the method in Java which is used to perform clean up processing just before object is garbage collected.
  		Finalize method is used with the objects.

4)The marker interface pattern is a design pattern used with languages that provide run-time type information about objects.

5)The singleton pattern is a software design pattern that restricts the instantiation of a class to one single instance. This is useful when exactly one object is needed to coordinate actions across the system.

6)Both ArrayList and LinkedList are two different implementations of the List interface. ArrayList is a resizable-array implementation, whereas LinkedList is a Doubly-linked list implementation of the List interface.

7)Hash collision or clash is when two pieces of data in a hash table share the same hash value.

8)A lambda expression is a short part of code which takes in parameters and returns a value.

9)A functional interface is an interface that contains only one abstract method.

11)Factory method pattern:-Is a creational pattern that uses factory methods to deal with the problem of creating objects without having to specify the 						exact class of the object that will be created.
   Adapter pattern:- is a software design pattern that allows the interface of an existing class to be used as another interface.

12)SOLID is a combination of five design principles intended to make software designs more understandable, flexible, and maintainable.

13)@ComponentScan annotation along with the @Configuration annotation to specify the packages that we want to be scanned. @ComponentScan without arguments tells Spring to scan the current package and all of its sub-packages.

14)Java Persistence API (JPA) defines the management of relational data in the Java applications. Hibernate is an Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) tool which is used to save the state of Java object into the database. Objectrelational mapping in computer science is a programming technique for converting data between type systems using object-oriented programming languages.

15)A database index is a data structure that improves the speed of data retrieval operations on a database table at the cost of additional writes and storage space to maintain the index data structure.

18)Simple object access protocol (SOAP) is an official protocol maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). The main difference is that SOAP is a protocol while REST is not.

19)PUT method is call when you have to modify a single resource, which is already a part of resource collection.
POST method is call when you have to add a child resource under resources collection

20)React, a Javascript library, uses unidirectional data flow and doesn't support bi-directional binding